= rjack-async-httpclient

* http://rjack.rubyforge.org
* http://rubyforge.org/projects/rjack

== Description

A gem packaging of the (Ning Inc., Jeanfrancois Arcand) {Async Http
Client}[http://groups.google.com/group/asynchttpclient] for JRuby.

* Provides async-http-client and netty jars.
* Provides simple adaption for jruby based configuration.

== Synopsis

 require 'rjack-logback'
 require 'rjack-async-httpclient'

 include RJack::AsyncHTTPClient

 cfg = build_client_config( { :idle_connection_timeout_in_ms => 10_000,
                              :connection_timeout_in_ms => 4_000 } )

 client = AsyncHttpClient.new( cfg )
 #...
 client.close

== Requirements

* rjack-commons-codec[http://rjack.rubyforge.org/commons-codec].

* rjack-slf4j[http://rjack.rubyforge.org/slf4j].

* An SLF4J output adaptor such as 'rjack-slf4j/simple' or
  rjack-logback[http://rjack.rubyforge.org/logback] must be require'd
  before rjack-httpclient.  (The rjack-logback gem is listed as a
  development dependency only.)

== License

=== rjack-async-httpclient gem

Copyright (c) 2011 David Kellum

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You
may obtain a copy of the License at:

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied.  See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

=== Async Http Client (java)

Copyright (c) 2010 Ning, Inc.

Ning licenses this file to you under the Apache License, version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

=== Netty (java)

Copyright (c) 2009 Red Hat, Inc.

Red Hat licenses this file to you under the Apache License, version
2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at:

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.
